README.md, before:

# Clear Pacman's Cache Directory

... and leave only the latest locallyInstalledVersion of each package (maybe except the ignored ones in '/etc/pacman.conf'?)

## Result

    PACKAGE FILENAME                                                              PACKAGE NAME                              DOWNLOADED PACKAGE VERSION   INSTALLED PACKAGE VERSION   ARE VERSIONS MATCHING?   KEEP THE PACKAGE?

    accounts-qml-module-0.7-4-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst                                  accounts-qml-module                       0.7-4                        0.7-4                       YES                      YES
    accountsservice-0.6.55-3-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst                                   accountsservice                           0.6.55-3                     22.08.8-1                   NO                       NO
    accountsservice-22.04.62-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst                                 accountsservice                           22.04.62-2                   22.08.8-1                   NO                       NO
    accountsservice-22.04.62-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig                                                                                                                                                         NO
    accountsservice-22.08.8-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst                                  accountsservice                           22.08.8-1                    22.08.8-1                   YES                      YES
    accountsservice-22.08.8-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig                                                                                                                                                          YES
    acl-2.3.0-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst
    acl-2.3.1-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst
    acl-2.3.1-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst
    acl-2.3.1-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig
    adobe-source-code-pro-fonts-2.038ro+1.058it+1.018var-1-any.pkg.tar.zst 
    adobe-source-han-sans-otc-fonts-2.004-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adobe-source-han-sans-otc-fonts-2.004-1-any.pkg.tar.zst.sig
    adobe-source-han-serif-otc-fonts-2.001-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adobe-source-han-serif-otc-fonts-2.001-1-any.pkg.tar.zst.sig
    adwaita-icon-theme-40.0-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adwaita-icon-theme-40.1.1-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adwaita-icon-theme-40rc-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adwaita-icon-theme-41.0-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adwaita-icon-theme-41.0-1-any.pkg.tar.zst.sig

---

Internal structural representation

Iterate all localy installed packages from the local DB and save each entry into a hashmap `installedPackages` in an instance of class `InstalledPackages`

    class PackagesAndTheirFiles

    installedPackages
    |-key: "accounts-qml-module"             ('std::string'/class 'PackageName'/std::unique_ptr<PackageName>)
      |-value:                                 (std::unique_ptr<Package>)
        |-locallyInstalledVersion: 0.7-4         (std::string/Version/std::unique_ptr<Version>)
        |-architecture: x86_64                   (std::string/Architecture/std:unique_ptr<Architecture>)
        |-packageVersionsWithRelatedDownloadedFiles (std::map<???, std::vector<???>>)
          |-key: 0.7-4                                (std::string/std::unique_ptr<Version>)
            |-accounts-qml-module-0.7-4-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst (std::vector<std::string/std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>
    |-key: "accountsservice"                 (std::unique_ptr<PackageName>)
      |-value:                                 (std::unique_ptr<Package>)
        |-locallyInstalledVersion: 22.08.8-1     (std::unique_ptr<Version>)
        |-architecture: x86_64                   (std:unique_ptr<Architecture>)
        |-packageVersionsWithRelatedDownloadedFiles (std::map<std::unique_ptr<Version> std::vector<std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>>)
          |-key: 0.6.55-3                             (std::unique_ptr<Version>)
          | |-value:                                    (std::vector<std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>)
          |   |-accountsservice-0.6.55-3-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
          |
          |-22.04.62-2                                (std::unique_ptr<Version>)
          | |-value:                                    (std::vector<std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>)
          |   |-accountsservice-22.04.62-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
          |   |-accountsservice-22.04.62-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
          |
          |-22.08.8-1                                 (std::unique_ptr<Version>)
          | |-value:                                    (std::vector<std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>)
          |   |-accountsservice-22.08.8-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
          |   |-accountsservice-22.08.8-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
    |-key: "acl"
      |-value:                   
        |-...

- class `PackageName` will use overloaded less-than-operator i.e. `operator<`, because the class is only used as a key in a `installedPackages` map, in order to indicate that the class is used as a key
- class `Version` will use custom comparator functor class `VersionComparator`, because its used as a key in a map `packageVersionsWithRelatedDownloadedFiles` and as a field in the `PackagesAndTheirFiles` to indicate variability of usage of the class
  - I'll use `operator<` from standard string, because the `alpm_pkg_vercmp` function from `alpm.h` ignores package release versions, and I want to do a complete comparison of Versions

## Algorithm

- **Is it true that after each word of package name in its filename comes a delimiter (likely a dash '-') followed by a number?**  
**So I can iterate the package filename until I hit a number and then go back two characters (or remove/pop_back last two characters) and get the package name? Which will then serve me as a key to the `map` and the actual filename as the value?**
- **Not every installed  package has its downloaded package that it was installed from**  
  **but every downloaded package has its installed  package.**

1. iterate through all locally installed packages with `libalpm` library _(1195 entries)_
   1. create an instance of `package` with its `locallyInstalledVersion`
   
          // inside the iteration loop
          std::string locallyInstalledVersion = alpm_pkg_get_version(pkg);
          auto package = std::make_unique<Package>(locallyInstalledVersion);

   2. save each `package` to the packages with the name of the package being a text key and the `package` instance being the value (`map`?)

          // structure declaration - before the iteration loop
          std::map<
              std::string              // package name
              std::unique_ptr<Package> // package instance
          > packages;
   
          ...

          // inside the iteration loop
          packages.emplace_back(alpm_pkg_get_name(pkg), std::move(package));
   
2. iterate through all files of the pacman's cache directory with the `std::filesystem` library _(7284/7293 files)_
   1. save the name of the file to a variable `filename`
   2. save the extension of the file to a variable `extension`
   3. if the extension equals to ".part"
      1. add the `filename` to the set of `packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion`

             // structure declaration - before the iteration loop
             std::set<
                 std::string              // package name
             > packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion;

             ...

             // inside the iteration loop
             packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion.emplace(filename);
      2. continue
   4. Build the regular expression pattern with the help of the `Architecture` class that accumulated all available versions from the previous loop.
   5. shorten the `filename` only to package name and version by removing the trailing text with a regular expression, and save the result into a variable `packageNameAndVersion`
   6. separate the package name and version by tokenizing the `packageNameAndVersion` by dash `-` delimiter into `tokens` vector through `token` string
   7. initialize a text variables `packageName` and `packageVersion` to empty text
   8. iterate `tokens`  
        
           For each token
               if the first character of the token is not a number
                   append the token to the packageName
                   continue
               append the token to the packageVersion
   9. remove the dash `-` at the end of `packageName` and `packageVersion`
   10. Use the `packageName` to find the matching key in the `installedPackages` collection
When the key is found (and thus the package is locally installed on the system), add a new entry to `packageVersionsWithRelatedDownloadedFiles` using the `downloadedPackageVersion` a key
   11. When the key is missing (`nullptr`) (and thus the package had been uninstalled from the system), add the `filename` to the collection `packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion`
6. Iterate all entries in `packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion`
   1. Move all entries into a separate directory `PACKAGE_CEMETERY` inside the pacman's cache directory
7. Iterate all entries in `installedPackages`  
   1. For each `installedPackage`
      1. if the package is in the list of `IgnoredPkgs` in the pacman's configuration file - likely in `/etc/pacman.conf` (parse or read with `libalpm`?)
         1. continue (skip the deletion of the package - the packages are ignored for good reasons - either they have a strong systemic effect on the system and may cause malfunction of the system, or they are licensed with other than open-source license which may after update stop functioning)
      2. call `moveAllPackageFilesInNonlocalVersionToSeparateDirectory`, where the destination directory will be provided as a parameter?/as an attribute in the class `PackagesAndTheirFiles`?
8. Run the algorithm again to check whether each installed package has exactly one package file that matches the local version of the installed package, and with an optional signature file.
   
---

The version of the algorithm with a tokenization

    1. find all non-alphanumeric characters and save them into `dividers` - a data structure that will hold only one unique copy `(set`?)
    2. tokenize the filename by all characters in `dividers`, i.e. iterate the filename text by characters one-by-one and
       1. save the tokens , i.e. alphanumeric words, and the character they are divided with, into a resizable array (`vector`?) - because number of tokens for each file may be different. For example
    3. initialize a text variable `cumulativePackageName` to empty text
    4. iterate the resizable array of tokens
       1. append current token to the `cumulativePackageName`
       2. check if the `packages` contains and entry that is exactly matching the key stored in `cumulativePackageName`
          1. if yes, add current file to the collection of files for matching `package`

## Sources

- libalpm - library of the Arch Linux Package Manager
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=libalpm&ia=web
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=libalpm+list+packages&ia=web
    - https://man.archlinux.org/man/libalpm.3
    - https://man.archlinux.org/man/libalpm.3.de
    - https://man.archlinux.org/man/libalpm_packages.3.en
    - https://archlinux.org/pacman/
    - https://gitlab.archlinux.org/pacman/pacman/-/blob/master/NEWS
    - https://gitlab.archlinux.org/pacman/pacman
    - https://bugs.archlinux.org/index.php?project=3
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=libalpm+example&ia=web
    - https://code.toofishes.net/pacman/doc/group__alpm__api__databases.html
- map
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+map+find+key+containing+pattern+substring&t=ffab&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9349797/partial-match-for-the-key-of-a-stdmap
    - http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/map/map/lower_bound/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+custom+object+std+map+key+keys&t=ffab&ia=web&iax=qa
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1102392/how-can-i-use-stdmaps-with-user-defined-types-as-key
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1102392/how-can-i-use-stdmaps-with-user-defined-types-as-key#1102720
    - https://www.techiedelight.com/use-custom-objects-keys-std-map-cpp/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+map+change+comparator+at+runtime&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5733254/how-can-i-create-my-own-comparator-for-a-map
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+map+custom+object+class+key+error%3A+no+match+for+%E2%80%98operator%3C%E2%80%99&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22248284/error-no-match-for-operator-in-x-y-when-trying-to-insert-in-two-map
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+map+custom+object+class+unique+ptr+key+error%3A+no+match+for+%27operator%3C%27&ia=web
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=Using+std%3A%3Aunique_ptr+inside+a+map+as+a+key&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29887185/using-stdunique-ptr-inside-a-map-as-a-key
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+smart+pointer+map+key&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26252698/smart-pointers-as-map-key
        - using smart pointers as a key in `std::map` - specialize template for `less` functor in the `std` namespace for my custom class, so that the `map` uses the specialized version of `less` to compare the smart pointers with custom objects, in order to search in it by key. **The `less` specialization is NOT necessary if the keys in the `map` will be only inserted and iterated through (and never looked up by key with `find`).**
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+map+get+key++custom+object+value&t=ffab&ia=web
    - https://www.lonecpluspluscoder.com/2015/08/13/an-elegant-way-to-extract-keys-from-a-c-map/
    - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c-map-key-user-define-data-type/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+map+custom+object+key+find&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53402737/c-using-stdfind-in-a-map-where-the-key-is-a-custom-class
        - using custom comparator at runtime  to looking up elements in the `map` - with `std::find_if` or `std::any_of` with a custom predicate
- C++20 SPACESHIP OPERATOR `<=>` (for comparison of custom objects - also for the keys in a `std::map` of a custom type)
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1102392/how-can-i-use-stdmaps-with-user-defined-types-as-key/70319881#70319881
        - specific answer for C++20 for a `map` with keys of custom type from: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1102392/how-can-i-use-stdmaps-with-user-defined-types-as-key
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+20+spaceship+operator+map+key+custom+object+class&t=ffab&ia=web&iax=qa
    - http://modernescpp.com/index.php/c-20-more-details-to-the-spaceship-operator
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20168173/when-using-stdmap-should-i-overload-operator-for-the-key-type#20168253
- regex
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+replace+regex+patern&ia=web
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+sed+regex+replace+equivalent&ia=web
    - https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/regex-in-cpp/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+regex_replace+example&ia=web
    - https://www.cplusplus.com/reference/regex/regex_replace/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+regex_search&ia=web
    - https://cplusplus.com/reference/regex/regex_search/
- string
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+tokenize+string&ia=web
    - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tokenizing-a-string-cpp/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+check+if+number&t=ffab&ia=web
    - https://www.tutorialspoint.com/how-to-check-if-input-is-numeric-in-cplusplus
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+string+clear&t=ffab&ia=web
- vector
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+vector+contains&ia=web&iax=qa
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3450860/check-if-a-stdvector-contains-a-certain-object#3450906
- own projects
    - duplicate_finder - TODO add Github link
    - EmployeeManagementSystem - TODO add Github link

Commit message:

Design algorithm for packages with special names

README.md, after:

# Clear Pacman's Cache Directory

... and leave only the latest locallyInstalledVersion of each package (maybe except the ignored ones in '/etc/pacman.conf'?)

## Result

    PACKAGE FILENAME                                                              PACKAGE NAME                              DOWNLOADED PACKAGE VERSION   INSTALLED PACKAGE VERSION   ARE VERSIONS MATCHING?   KEEP THE PACKAGE?

    accounts-qml-module-0.7-4-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst                                  accounts-qml-module                       0.7-4                        0.7-4                       YES                      YES
    accountsservice-0.6.55-3-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst                                   accountsservice                           0.6.55-3                     22.08.8-1                   NO                       NO
    accountsservice-22.04.62-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst                                 accountsservice                           22.04.62-2                   22.08.8-1                   NO                       NO
    accountsservice-22.04.62-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig                                                                                                                                                         NO
    accountsservice-22.08.8-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst                                  accountsservice                           22.08.8-1                    22.08.8-1                   YES                      YES
    accountsservice-22.08.8-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig                                                                                                                                                          YES
    acl-2.3.0-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst
    acl-2.3.1-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst
    acl-2.3.1-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst
    acl-2.3.1-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig
    adobe-source-code-pro-fonts-2.038ro+1.058it+1.018var-1-any.pkg.tar.zst 
    adobe-source-han-sans-otc-fonts-2.004-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adobe-source-han-sans-otc-fonts-2.004-1-any.pkg.tar.zst.sig
    adobe-source-han-serif-otc-fonts-2.001-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adobe-source-han-serif-otc-fonts-2.001-1-any.pkg.tar.zst.sig
    adwaita-icon-theme-40.0-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adwaita-icon-theme-40.1.1-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adwaita-icon-theme-40rc-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adwaita-icon-theme-41.0-1-any.pkg.tar.zst
    adwaita-icon-theme-41.0-1-any.pkg.tar.zst.sig

---

Internal structural representation

Iterate all localy installed packages from the local DB and save each entry into a hashmap `installedPackages` in an instance of class `InstalledPackages`

    class PackagesAndTheirFiles

    installedPackages
    |-key: "accounts-qml-module"             ('std::string'/class 'PackageName'/std::unique_ptr<PackageName>)
      |-value:                                 (std::unique_ptr<Package>)
        |-locallyInstalledVersion: 0.7-4         (std::string/Version/std::unique_ptr<Version>)
        |-architecture: x86_64                   (std::string/Architecture/std:unique_ptr<Architecture>)
        |-packageVersionsWithTheirRelatedDownloadedFiles (std::map<???, std::vector<???>>)
          |-key: 0.7-4                                (std::string/std::unique_ptr<Version>)
            |-accounts-qml-module-0.7-4-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst (std::vector<std::string/std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>
    |-key: "accountsservice"                 (std::unique_ptr<PackageName>)
      |-value:                                 (std::unique_ptr<Package>)
        |-locallyInstalledVersion: 22.08.8-1     (std::unique_ptr<Version>)
        |-architecture: x86_64                   (std:unique_ptr<Architecture>)
        |-packageVersionsWithTheirRelatedDownloadedFiles (std::map<std::unique_ptr<Version> std::vector<std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>>)
          |-key: 0.6.55-3                             (std::unique_ptr<Version>)
          | |-value:                                    (std::vector<std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>)
          |   |-accountsservice-0.6.55-3-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
          |
          |-22.04.62-2                                (std::unique_ptr<Version>)
          | |-value:                                    (std::vector<std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>)
          |   |-accountsservice-22.04.62-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
          |   |-accountsservice-22.04.62-2-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
          |
          |-22.08.8-1                                 (std::unique_ptr<Version>)
          | |-value:                                    (std::vector<std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>>)
          |   |-accountsservice-22.08.8-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
          |   |-accountsservice-22.08.8-1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst.sig (std::unique_ptr<PackageRelatedDownloadedFile>)
    |-key: "acl"
      |-value:                   
        |-...

- class `PackageName` will use overloaded less-than-operator i.e. `operator<`, because the class is only used as a key in a `installedPackages` map, in order to indicate that the class is used as a key
- class `Version` will use custom comparator functor class `VersionComparator`, because its used as a key in a map `packageVersionsWithTheirRelatedDownloadedFiles` and as a field in the `PackagesAndTheirFiles` to indicate variability of usage of the class
  - I'll use `operator<` from standard string, because the `alpm_pkg_vercmp` function from `alpm.h` ignores package release versions, and I want to do a complete comparison of Versions
- `ignoredPackageNamesInTextFormat` - keep package files that are listed next to `IgnorePkg` option in the pacman's configuration file

## Algorithm

- **Is it true that after each word of package name in its filename comes a delimiter (likely a dash '-') followed by a number?**  
**So I can iterate the package filename until I hit a number and then go back two characters (or remove/pop_back last two characters) and get the package name? Which will then serve me as a key to the `map` and the actual filename as the value?**
- **Not every installed  package has its downloaded package that it was installed from**  
  **but every downloaded package has its installed  package.**

1. iterate through all locally installed packages with `libalpm` library _(1195 entries)_
   1. create an instance of `package` with its `locallyInstalledVersion`
   
          // inside the iteration loop
          std::string locallyInstalledVersion = alpm_pkg_get_version(pkg);
          auto package = std::make_unique<Package>(locallyInstalledVersion);

   2. save each `package` to the packages with the name of the package being a text key and the `package` instance being the value (`map`?)

          // structure declaration - before the iteration loop
          std::map<
              std::string              // package name
              std::unique_ptr<Package> // package instance
          > packages;
   
          ...

          // inside the iteration loop
          packages.emplace_back(alpm_pkg_get_name(pkg), std::move(package));
   
2. iterate through all files of the pacman's cache directory with the `std::filesystem` library _(7284/7293 files)_
   1. save the name of the file to a variable `filename`
   2. save the extension of the file to a variable `extension`
   3. if the extension equals to ".part"
      1. add the `filename` to the set of `packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion`

             // structure declaration - before the iteration loop
             std::set<
                 std::string              // package name
             > packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion;

             ...

             // inside the iteration loop
             packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion.emplace(filename);
      2. continue
   4. Build the regular expression pattern with the help of the `Architecture` class that accumulated all available versions from the previous loop.
   5. shorten the `filename` only to package name and version by removing the trailing text with a regular expression, and save the result into a variable `packageNameAndVersion`
   6. separate the package name and version by tokenizing the `packageNameAndVersion` by dash `-` delimiter into `tokens` vector through `token` string
   7. initialize a text variables `packageName` and `packageVersion` to empty text
   8. iterate `tokens`  
        
           For each token
               if the first character of the token is not a number
                   append the token to the packageName
                   continue
               append the token to the packageVersion
   9. remove the dash `-` at the end of `packageName` and `packageVersion`
   10. Use the `packageName` to find the matching key in the `installedPackages` collection
When the key is found (and thus the package is locally installed on the system), add a new entry to `packageVersionsWithTheirRelatedDownloadedFiles` using the `downloadedPackageVersion` a key
   11. When the key is missing (`nullptr`) (and thus the package had been uninstalled from the system), add the `filename` to the collection `packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion`
6. Iterate all entries in `packageFilesDesignatedForDeletion`
   1. Move all entries into a separate directory `PACKAGE_CEMETERY` inside the pacman's cache directory
7. Iterate all entries in `installedPackages`  
   1. For each `installedPackage`
      1. if the package is in the list of `IgnoredPkgs` in the pacman's configuration file - likely in `/etc/pacman.conf` (parse or read with `libalpm`?)
         1. continue (skip the deletion of the package - the packages are ignored for good reasons - either they have a strong systemic effect on the system and may cause malfunction of the system, or they are licensed with other than open-source license which may after update stop functioning)
      2. call `moveAllPackageFilesInNonlocalVersionToSeparateDirectory`, where the destination directory will be provided as a parameter?/as an attribute in the class `PackagesAndTheirFiles`?
8. Run the algorithm again to check whether each installed package has exactly one package file that matches the local version of the installed package, and with an optional signature file.
   
---

The version of the algorithm with a tokenization

    1. find all non-alphanumeric characters and save them into `dividers` - a data structure that will hold only one unique copy `(set`?)
    2. tokenize the filename by all characters in `dividers`, i.e. iterate the filename text by characters one-by-one and
       1. save the tokens , i.e. alphanumeric words, and the character they are divided with, into a resizable array (`vector`?) - because number of tokens for each file may be different. For example
    3. initialize a text variable `cumulativePackageName` to empty text
    4. iterate the resizable array of tokens
       1. append current token to the `cumulativePackageName`
       2. check if the `packages` contains and entry that is exactly matching the key stored in `cumulativePackageName`
          1. if yes, add current file to the collection of files for matching `package`

## Sources

- libalpm - library of the Arch Linux Package Manager
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=libalpm&ia=web
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=libalpm+list+packages&ia=web
    - https://man.archlinux.org/man/libalpm.3
    - https://man.archlinux.org/man/libalpm.3.de
    - https://man.archlinux.org/man/libalpm_packages.3.en
    - https://archlinux.org/pacman/
    - https://gitlab.archlinux.org/pacman/pacman/-/blob/master/NEWS
    - https://gitlab.archlinux.org/pacman/pacman
    - https://bugs.archlinux.org/index.php?project=3
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=libalpm+example&ia=web
    - https://code.toofishes.net/pacman/doc/group__alpm__api__databases.html
- map
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+map+find+key+containing+pattern+substring&t=ffab&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9349797/partial-match-for-the-key-of-a-stdmap
    - http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/map/map/lower_bound/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+custom+object+std+map+key+keys&t=ffab&ia=web&iax=qa
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1102392/how-can-i-use-stdmaps-with-user-defined-types-as-key
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1102392/how-can-i-use-stdmaps-with-user-defined-types-as-key#1102720
    - https://www.techiedelight.com/use-custom-objects-keys-std-map-cpp/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+map+change+comparator+at+runtime&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5733254/how-can-i-create-my-own-comparator-for-a-map
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+map+custom+object+class+key+error%3A+no+match+for+%E2%80%98operator%3C%E2%80%99&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22248284/error-no-match-for-operator-in-x-y-when-trying-to-insert-in-two-map
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+map+custom+object+class+unique+ptr+key+error%3A+no+match+for+%27operator%3C%27&ia=web
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=Using+std%3A%3Aunique_ptr+inside+a+map+as+a+key&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29887185/using-stdunique-ptr-inside-a-map-as-a-key
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+smart+pointer+map+key&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26252698/smart-pointers-as-map-key
        - using smart pointers as a key in `std::map` - specialize template for `less` functor in the `std` namespace for my custom class, so that the `map` uses the specialized version of `less` to compare the smart pointers with custom objects, in order to search in it by key. **The `less` specialization is NOT necessary if the keys in the `map` will be only inserted and iterated through (and never looked up by key with `find`).**
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+map+get+key++custom+object+value&t=ffab&ia=web
    - https://www.lonecpluspluscoder.com/2015/08/13/an-elegant-way-to-extract-keys-from-a-c-map/
    - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c-map-key-user-define-data-type/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+map+custom+object+key+find&ia=web
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53402737/c-using-stdfind-in-a-map-where-the-key-is-a-custom-class
        - using custom comparator at runtime  to looking up elements in the `map` - with `std::find_if` or `std::any_of` with a custom predicate
- C++20 SPACESHIP OPERATOR `<=>` (for comparison of custom objects - also for the keys in a `std::map` of a custom type)
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1102392/how-can-i-use-stdmaps-with-user-defined-types-as-key/70319881#70319881
        - specific answer for C++20 for a `map` with keys of custom type from: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1102392/how-can-i-use-stdmaps-with-user-defined-types-as-key
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+20+spaceship+operator+map+key+custom+object+class&t=ffab&ia=web&iax=qa
    - http://modernescpp.com/index.php/c-20-more-details-to-the-spaceship-operator
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20168173/when-using-stdmap-should-i-overload-operator-for-the-key-type#20168253
- regex
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+replace+regex+patern&ia=web
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+sed+regex+replace+equivalent&ia=web
    - https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/regex-in-cpp/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+regex_replace+example&ia=web
    - https://www.cplusplus.com/reference/regex/regex_replace/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+regex_search&ia=web
    - https://cplusplus.com/reference/regex/regex_search/
- string
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+tokenize+string&ia=web
    - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tokenizing-a-string-cpp/
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+check+if+number&t=ffab&ia=web
    - https://www.tutorialspoint.com/how-to-check-if-input-is-numeric-in-cplusplus
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?q=c%2B%2B+string+clear&t=ffab&ia=web
- vector
    - https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffab&q=c%2B%2B+vector+contains&ia=web&iax=qa
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3450860/check-if-a-stdvector-contains-a-certain-object#3450906
- own projects
    - duplicate_finder - TODO add Github link
    - EmployeeManagementSystem - TODO add Github link
